TracerouteStudy
===========================================
By Adam Chaulk and Yang Lu.

1. Dataset can be downloaded at https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B72b757Dv5s5dkJtUmhDNlVuSEk/view?usp=sharing
2. Unzip the dataset to the project folder.

cs513.analysis Package:
This package contains the analysis scripts for Erroneous Routing, Routing Loops, Routing Symmetry, Temporary Outages, and Unreachable by too many hops.
These tests are run by "Tester.java" in the test package.

cs513.test Package:
In order to run the analysis, you must run the main function in "tester.java". A minor defect with this is you need to run Routing Symmetry on its own. Otherwise, we encountered a "Java out of memory exception" on an 8GB memory PC. 

For D1, the test will take approximately .5 hours, and D2 will take a few minutes.

cs513.model Package:
This package contains the models we used to structure our design. Specificially, we wrote an IPaddresss class to encapsulate the IP and latency pairings in traceroutes. The RoutingPath class contains the specific path for a given IP, as well as the source IP, destination IP, and the timestamp.

cs513.parser Package:
TracerouteLogParser parses the traceroute output directory and generates one large text file per site. This saved us a significant amount of time for later analysis.
OuputParser parses the output log files generated by TracerouteLogParser, and creates a large hashmap in memory, pairing IPs with all the routing paths.
SimplifyParser is used by RoutingSymmetry to merge equivalent IPs within the same subnet. 

cs513.utils Package:
This package contains Utils.java, which includes mapping tables for hostname-to-IP and IP-to-timezone. This file also includes common methods used by other classes. 

Scripts:
The scripts package includes all of the shell scripts we used for our data collection.

Finally, trace1_data.txt and trace2_data.txt contain results output by our analysis scripts.




